ABOUT THIS GAME:
Discover unrivalled sniping freedom in the largest and most advanced World War 2 shooter ever built. Experience tactical third-person combat, gameplay choice and epic longshots across gigantic levels as you liberate wartime Italy from the grip of Fascism. 
Set in the aftermath of its award-winning predecessor, Sniper Elite 4 transports players across the beautiful Italian peninsula, from sun-drenched Mediterranean coastal towns, to ancient forests, mountain valleys and colossal Nazi megastructures.
Covert agent and elite marksman Karl Fairburne must fight alongside the brave men and women of the Italian Resistance and defeat a terrifying new threat with the potential to halt the Allied fightback in Europe before it’s even begun.
EXPANSIVE CAMPAIGN
Encounter hours of gripping gameplay in huge campaign levels with hundreds of enemies, vehicles and high-ranking Nazi officers to hunt. Forge your own path to your objectives, uncover new sniper nests, find secret side missions, collectibles and more!
AWARD-WINNING SNIPING
Experience genre-defining rifle ballistics where snipers must take account of wind, gravity and heart rate to land satisfying shots over hundreds of meters.
EXTENSIVE ARSENAL
Adapt seamlessly to any combat situation with an impressive array of iconic World War 2 sniper rifles, pistols, submachine guns, heavy weapons, traps, grenades and explosives.
DEEP CUSTOMISATION
Hone your combat effectiveness by upgrading skills and tweaking key weapon traits such as scope magnification, muzzle velocity and stability. Create and edit custom loadouts for any encounter.
SLICK TRAVERSALS AND TAKEDOWNS
Climb, hang, shimmy and leap your way across the game’s vast environments to get the drop on enemies and deliver killing blows from behind cover, hanging over ledges and more!
ACCLAIMED X-RAY KILL CAMS
Sniper Elite’s acclaimed X-ray Kill Camera returns with all-new visuals and features, now framing your most impressive melee attacks and explosive trap kills in bone-cracking detail.
TACTICAL CO-OP
Play the entire campaign online with another player or jump into dedicated co-operative game modes for up to 4 players.
THRILLING MULTIPLAYER
Take Sniper Elite’s trademark sharpshooting into unique competitive play for up to 12 players in 6 modes across 6 custom-designed maps. Even more modes and maps will be released FREE after launch!

RELEASE DATE:
14 Feb, 2017

POPULAR USER-DEFINED TAGS FOR THIS PRODUCT:
Sniper / Multiplayer / World War II / Action / Co-op

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
MINIMUM:
OS: 64-bit Windows 7, 64-bit Windows 8.1 or 64-bit Windows 10
Processor: Intel CPU Core i3-2100 or AMD equivalent
Memory: 4 GB RAM
Graphics: AMD Radeon HD 7870 (2GB) or NVIDIA GeForce GTX 660 (2GB)